apps/registry/src/packages/hooks/useArtificialLoader/01/docs.md, before:

---
name: useArtificialLoader
description: A hook that simulates a loading state for a component.
tags: ["hooks", "artificial", "loader"]
version_included: 0.3.0
---

## Properties

| Property Name              | Type                                                                                     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| -------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| isLoading                  | boolean                                                                                  | Indicates if the loader is currently active.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| progress                   | number                                                                                   | Represents the progress of the loader as a percentage.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| startLoader                | (options?: \{ duration?: number; initialDelay?: number; updateCount?: number;\}) => void | Initiates the loader with optional configuration. The `duration` specifies the total time in milliseconds for which the loader will run, the `initialDelay` defines the delay in milliseconds before the loader begins, and the `updateCount` indicates how many times the loader should update its state or progress during its operation. |
| stopLoader                 | () => void                                                                               | Stops the loader immediately, resets the `isLoading` state to false, and the `progress` to 0.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| UseArtificialLoaderOptions | \{ duration?: number; initialDelay?: number; updateCount?: number \}                     | Configuration options for the loader: `duration` is the total time for the loader, `initialDelay` is the delay before starting, and `updateCount` is the number of progress updates during the loading period.                                                                                                                              |

Commit message:

registry/hooks/docs/fix: useArtificialLoader (#56)

apps/registry/src/packages/hooks/useArtificialLoader/01/docs.md, after:

---
name: useArtificialLoader
description: This hooks increases the value from 0 to 100 randomly in a given time. This helps us to give the loading effects and the increase is random thus making it more realistic. You can use it in various website loaders as well as loading page elements like top loading bars.
tags: ["hooks", "artificial", "loader"]
version_included: 0.3.0
---

### UseArtificialLoaderOptions

| Name         | Type     | Default | Description                                                   |
| ------------ | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| duration     | `number` | 5000    | Total duration of the loading process in milliseconds.        |
| initialDelay | `number` | 0       | Delay before the loader starts in milliseconds.               |
| updateCount  | `number` | 10      | Number of updates to the progress during the loading process. |

### Return Values

| Name        | Type                                             | Description                                                |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| isLoading   | `boolean`                                        | Indicates whether the loading process is currently active. |
| progress    | `number`                                         | Represents the current progress percentage of the loader.  |
| startLoader | `(options?: UseArtificialLoaderOptions) => void` | Function to start the loader with optional configuration.  |
| stopLoader  | `() => void`                                     | Function to stop the loader and reset the progress.        |
